General arctic/polar theme, easy readability and easy contrast on the eyes.

Background 
Pure white
For easy readability

Header Text
(Purpleish-navy)
#684DFF

Body text
(Deeper blue, almost lilac)
#4E98D4

Link text
Pastel Orange
#F5C44C

Sitemap ( Drawn Out by hand )

Images we will be using
Self image

---------

Wireframe for each page
-Main Page, welcoming visitor
Self image [ ]

-Page 2, Goals, achievements, projects, skills, and training
Skills [ Word, Excel, outlool, etc ]

Page 3, contact information

Page 4, about me page

---------------------------

Text content for the web pages

Page 1: 
MAIN PAGE
Welcome to my portfolio page. Thank you for taking the time to visit and look around. I appredicate any time you commit to being here. I am learning at the time of writing so keep an eye here once in a while to see what i've learned!

GOALS AND SKILLS PAGE
Page 2: Talk about projects like creating my first simple website using HTML only for class. 
I'm rather proficient at microsoft office, having used it now for almost two decades. 
I've been using windows mostly since windows ME (2000) and I can dabble in iOS as well. I've used Mac OS since Tiger was launched back in 2005. 
I've used almost all following updates since then. 

CONTACT PAGE
Page 3 : Verbatim :
My email on display.
You can contact me for any questions about projects i've done, any questions related to projects you have in mind if you feel my skillset would be of use to you.
Please feel free to also just shoot out an email to exchange ideas or general shared interests.

Page 4: 
ABOUT ME
Hey there, my name is Edgar Daniel Molina Gamboa. But I just go by Danny. I'm in my 30's like most folks right now finding my strife. 
I always thought by now I'd be stuck at some big box retailer or something less exciting. 
Until one day I just decided I wanted more. I went ahead and followed my dreams of working with computers and the like. 
I've always loved taking things apart and fixing them. I don't just mean computers either. I was dissasembling computers, toys, televisions, dvd players, bikes, door handles, radios etc.
If it had a power source in it, I was at it the moment it broke and somebody wanted to throw it away. 
So I guess you can sat I am definitely interested more in how things function and how to make them functional again. 

That's me in a brief summary. Aside from that, I love video games, learning to cook, and playing music. Standard fare. 

Resume as a PDF